#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage[final]{nips_2016}

% to compile a camera-ready version, add the [final] option, e.g.:
% \usepackage[final]{nips_2016}

%\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc} % allow utf-8 input
%\usepackage[T1]{fontenc}    % use 8-bit T1 fonts
\usepackage{hyperref}       % hyperlinks
\usepackage{url}            % simple URL typesetting
\usepackage{booktabs}       % professional-quality tables
\usepackage{amsfonts}       % blackboard math symbols
\usepackage{nicefrac}       % compact symbols for 1/2, etc.
\usepackage{smartdiagram}

\usepackage{mathbbol}
 
\usepackage{listings}
\usepackage{xcolor}
 
\definecolor{codegreen}{rgb}{0,0.6,0}
\definecolor{codegray}{rgb}{0.5,0.5,0.5}
\definecolor{codepurple}{rgb}{0.58,0,0.82}
\definecolor{backcolour}{rgb}{0.95,0.95,0.92}
 
\lstdefinestyle{mystyle}{
    backgroundcolor=\color{backcolour},   
    commentstyle=\color{codegreen},
    keywordstyle=\color{magenta},
    numberstyle=\tiny\color{codegray},
    stringstyle=\color{codepurple},
    basicstyle=\ttfamily\footnotesize,
    breakatwhitespace=false,         
    breaklines=true,                 
    captionpos=b,                    
    keepspaces=true,                 
    numbers=left,                    
    numbersep=5pt,                  
    showspaces=false,                
    showstringspaces=false,
    showtabs=false,                  
    tabsize=2
}
 
\lstset{style=mystyle}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package babel
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype true
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type numerical
\biblio_style plainnat
\biblatex_bibstyle numeric
\biblatex_citestyle numeric
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
AA222 Final Project status: Trajectory Optimization with dynamic obstacles
 avoidance
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The project deals with trajectory optimization and control command of an
 object along a path where we have to avoid obstacles crossing our path.
 It is a multi-objective optimization problem: we have to optimize efficiency
 (time to goal), comfort (minimizing acceleration variations) and safety
 (avoiding collision).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So we far we did:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Litterature review and project objectives definition (cf below)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
github repository setup 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
In the conitnuity of a previous project , we have a first baseline implementatio
n.
 A MPC solution based on Julia JuMP.jl and ipopt.jl which is fully functional.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We rely on a direct collocation method where MPC is used: we plan over 20
 time steps, for 20 commands, but apply only the first command before taking
 into account new observations for re-planning.
 What we plan to do next is:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Setup of our own optimizer, without relying on external packages like JuMP
 and ipopt.
 We will leverage on project2 work where an Interior Point Method based
 on log barrier was implemented.
 We implemented a first order (Conjugate Gradient) and second order (quasi-newto
n BFGS) optimizer with backtracking line search.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Handle an inconsistent constraint of the form 
\begin_inset Formula $abs(.)\geq something$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
With slack variables
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
With a smooth version of abs()
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Study the influence of various initialization strategies
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Initialization with a trajectory that is dynamically feasible but not safe
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Initialization with a Neural Network heuristic.
 Based on a previous poroject we already have a Neural Network that can
 propose a candidate solution.
 This solution is unsafe in 20% of the cases but could be used as a usefull
 initializer.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
If possible, depending on fast we progress with the 3 previous objectives,
 we will compare optimization over station with optimization over time for
 2D paths.
 In the first case we fix the time steps and derive positions at every time
 step, while in the second case we fix the spatial positions and derive
 the time instants at which we go over these spatial positions.
 In the first case, when dealing with 2D paths, an analytical representation
 of the path is required while in the second case, a sequence of waypoints
 is sufficient.
 But the constraints may be even more non linear and non convex in the later
 case.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Point 2) issue is avoided in many publications by claiming that a higher
 level panner decides whether we have to proceed or yield the way.
 But while this may be a reeasonable strategy when dealing with a single
 object crossing our path, it does not scale to multiple crossing objects.
 A more principled approach is required to scale with the complexity of
 the scene.
 Point 3) could be a promising combination of techniques: leveraging on
 offline Neural Network training to speed up online optimization convergence.
 For Point 4) while some publications focus on one or the other approach,
 we would like to outline more precisely the pros and cons of these approaches
 and benchmark their accuracy and convergence speed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintAll"
bibfiles "project1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
